# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
my ability to see errors in the console and figure out what i messed up. im still having issues with figuring out problems when there isnt an error. but that will come with more practice and experience.

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

using arrays to hold data and call that data to built out our checkpoint. once i knew that it made my life easier. also using timeouts and set intervals. those are really usefull tools although i dont know how much those are actually used in the real world.

- What are you struggling with?

im struggling with a few things. first is when im building an app. once i get to javascript i dont know where to start.. i know what needs to happen but i dont know what logic needs to happen first. also im having troubles understanding dictionaries and accessing them with for in key loops. 

- What would you count as a victory?

i finished my checkpoints functionality on friday night, and mostly had fun building it. i struggled for sure but all in all (not overall) i had a blast making it. im excited for what week three holds.